
Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese and Bengali as well.
Data pipelines are very important in dealing with big data. A data pipeline takes data from some source stream(s), processes this data and sends it to output stream(s).
Codechef Beam is an example of such a pipeline. This pipeline takes data from Ns​ source streams and it is expected to send data to Noe​ output streams. However, the actual number of output streams may be different.
Internally, Beam calculates a parameter K=⌈Ns​/Noe​⌉: the maximum number of source streams that may be sent to a single output stream. Then, output streams are created. The first K input streams are assigned to one output stream, the next K input streams to a second output stream and so on, until there are less than K unassigned input streams. Then, if the number of unassigned input streams is positive, another output stream is created and all those unassigned input streams are assigned to it. For example, for Ns​=35, Noe​=20, we have K=2 and the actual number of output streams is 18: 17 output streams taking 2 input streams each and one output stream taking 1 input stream.
You are given Noe​, the maximum possible number of input streams M and the desired final number of output streams Nof​. Find the number of integers x from 1 to M (inclusive) such that if Ns​=x, Codechef Beam sends data to exactly Nof​ output streams.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first and only line of each test case contains three space-separated integers M, Noe​ and Nof​.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing one integer — the number of possible values of Ns​ satisfying the given criteria.
Constraints

1≤T≤103
1≤M,Noe​,Nof​≤109

Sample 1:
InputOutput2
40 20 18
40 20 53
1
Explanation:
Example case 1: The number of input streams Ns​ can be 18, 35 or 36.
Example case 2: The number of input streams must be 5, since the number of output streams cannot be 5 otherwise.