
Read problem statements in Bengali, Russian, Mandarin and Vietnamese as well.
Hulk has a set of distinct points P in the 2D plane. His signature move is Hulk Smash. He performed Hulk Smash on the set P which caused the points to change, and so he obtained a new set of points P′.
More formally, Hulk Smash makes the new set P′ in the following way:

Initially, let P′ be empty.
For every Pi​ and Pj​ such that 1≤i<j≤N , add the mid point of Pi​ and Pj​ to the set P′ (only if it didn't exist in it already).

So, P′ is the set of midpoints of line segments connecting pairs of distinct points of P.
Note that points from P do not necessarily have to be in P′. See the samples below for a graphical example.
Find the number of points of P′ which lie on the convex hull of P′. A point is said to lie on the convex hull if the shape of the convex hull is changed when this point is removed.
Input Format

The first line contains a single integer T, denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer N, denoting the size of P.
The next N lines contain two space-separated integers each, where the i-th line contains Pi​.x,Pi​.y denoting the x-coordinate and y-coordinate of the i-th point.

Output Format
For each test case, print a single line containing one integer - the number of points of P′ which lie on its convex hull.
Constraints


1≤T≤20
3≤N≤2⋅105
−5⋅108≤Pi​.x,Pi​.y≤5⋅108
The convex hull of the input set P has positive area
Sum of N over all tests cases does not exceed 2⋅105


Subtasks

Subtask 1 (20 points):

Sum of N over all test cases does not exceed 103

Subtask 2 (80 points):

Original constraints


Sample 1:
InputOutput2
7
1 7
-6 -5
1 -6
-6 7
-4 3
-2 6
-3 -6
4
1 8
1 4
1 0
5 4
8
4

Explanation:


In the below images, the set of points P is denoted by the color pink, the set of points P′ is denoted by the color green. The blue point is the origin.


The below image represents the first test case





The below image represents the second test case





Note that by our definition, points (1,4) and (3,4) are not considered to lie on the convex hull of P′, because removing one of them does not change the shape of the hull.